feat: nutrition label (#43852)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/css-nutrition-label/step-033.md

---
id: 615f575b50b91e72af079480
title: Step 33
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-33
---

# --description--

> Create a new `.calories-info h1` selector and set the top and bottom margin to `-5px`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new `.calories-info h1` selector setting the top and bottom margin to `-5px`, and removing the left and right margin.
```
